# final-project-stock-price-prediction-

We want to create a machine learning model to predict stock price trends, to find out the movement of stock price fluctuations.

# Our Ideal Outcome
The desired result is to be able to predict with high accuracy for the next 31 days. making it easier for investors to make decisions in investing strategically in stocks that have the potential to get positive returns, so as to minimize financial risk. In this case, the desired results are focused on the accuracy of the model's predictions in determining the direction of movement of the stock price trend.

# Success Metrics
Our success metric is based on how consistent the model is in predicting stock price movements. And also how easy users (in this case investors or novice traders) can interact with the prediction system and from the prediction system, the extent to which users can understand and trust the predictions generated by the model. Then, from the prediction results, how users can integrate them to make decisions or user investment strategies.

But as a beginner investor it is better not to make this prediction as a reference for investing.
Because in some cases the possibility of stocks that get negative issues will affect the movement of their share prices.

# Our output
The output of our ML model is a prediction of the closing price movement of a stock for a given period. This prediction will be given in the form of a numerical value and a graph that reflects the price predicted by the model. And the addition of the moving average chart is only as a support for investor analysis. Then it can display predictions in the next 31 days to help make decisions for novice investors.

#

This machine learning model can predict the closing price movement of a stock for a given period of time. This prediction is given in the form of numerical values and graphs that reflect the price predicted by the model. And the addition of moving average charts is only to support the investor's analysis. Closing price predictions are made immediately after the close of each day's stock market that is linked to yahoo finance. The prediction results are used in the ongoing investment process, where the previous day's prediction results become one of the requirements for the next day's closing price prediction.

If we don't use ML to predict stock price movements, we can use simple technical analysis that can be used by novice traders, such as determining support and resistance and looking at technical indicators such as moving average and relative strength index (RSI) to give buy or sell signals. Or with fundamental analysis by looking at the company's financial statements.

# How To Use

How to use STOBI is only by entering the STOBI website after that the user can see raw data in the form of tables and line diagrams, on the STOBI web there is also an indicator tool called "Moving Average 100" and "Moving Average 200" which functions in technical analysis, this moving average calculates the average movement of data within a certain period and finally there are the results of predicting the closing price of BBRI shares in the form of a table displaying only two data, namely "date" and "Close" and a line diagram displaying the results of BBRI stock price predictions and a dot diagram displaying the actual closing stock price.

After that, users can perform simple technical analysis with data, indicators and prediction results displayed by the STOBI web.


# System Requirements

Library
- numpy
  NumPy as a library that provides support for array and matrix operations in Python.
- Pandas
  Pandas library used for data analysis that provides data structures, such as DataFrame.
- Matplotlib
  Matplotlib is used to create graphical visualizations, such as plots.
- yfinance
  library used as a dataset to access BBRI stock data from Yahoo Finance.
- Plotly
  yang digunakan sebagai dataset untuk mengakses data saham BBRI dari Yahoo Finance


